feat(grid): add `<SGrid>` component (#313)
globalbrain/sefirot: docs/components/grid.md

  story="/stories-components-sgrid-01-playground-story-vue"
>
  <SGrid cols="4" gap="24">
    <SGridItem>
      <div class="h-64 rounded-6 bg-info" />
    </SGridItem>
    <SGridItem>
      <div class="h-64 rounded-6 bg-info" />
    </SGridItem>
    <SGridItem>
      <div class="h-64 rounded-6 bg-info" />
    </SGridItem>
    <SGridItem>
      <div class="h-64 rounded-6 bg-info" />
    </SGridItem>
    <SGridItem>
      <div class="h-64 rounded-6 bg-info" />
    </SGridItem>
    <SGridItem>
      <div class="h-64 rounded-6 bg-info" />
    </SGridItem>
    <SGridItem>
      <div class="h-64 rounded-6 bg-info" />
    </SGridItem>
    <SGridItem>
      <div class="h-64 rounded-6 bg-info" />
    </SGridItem>
  </SGrid>
</Showcase>

## Usage

Use `<SGrid>` and `<SGridItem>` component to construct the grid structure.

```vue
<script setup lang="ts">
import SGrid from '@globalbrain/sefirot/lib/components/SGrid.vue'
import SGridItem from '@globalbrain/sefirot/lib/components/SGridItem.vue'
</script>

<template>
  <SGrid cols="4">
    <SGridItem span="2">
      <div>...</div>
    </SGridItem>
    <SGridItem span="1">
      <div>...</div>
    </SGridItem>
  </SGrid>
</template>
```

> You have the flexibility to define the `:cols` and `:gap` props when using the `<SGrid>` component, allowing you to have full control over the grid layout.

Reviewer: We don't label props with colons in the docs, should we remove here too to keep consistency?

```suggestion
You have the flexibility to define the `cols` and `gap` props when using the `<SGrid>` component, allowing you to have full control over the grid layout.
```

Reviewer: I've noticed there is a mixture of these existing in most recent PR's. Are you implying props should always be prefixed with a colon or is there some sort of context to why some props are prefixed and others are not throughout the docs?

Author: Ah, yeah... maybe. What do you think 🤔 Still not 100% sure. But maybe I'm thinking it could be easier to read if we follow these rules? 👀 

- `<SComponent>`
- `:prop`
- `@event`

Reviewer: > * `<SComponent>`
> * `:prop`
> * `@event`

Agree, this makes sense and gives connotations more clarity. Thanks for confirming!

Author: 👍

The `cols` prop serves as a shorthand for the `grid-template-columns` CSS property. Similarly, the `gap` prop acts as a shorthand for the `gap` CSS property.

Notably, the `gap` prop automatically appends the required `px` unit to the value, so there is no need to include it explicitly.

```ts
interface Props {
  cols?: string | number
  gap?: string | number
}
```

```vue-html
<SGrid cols="4" gap="48">
  ...
</SGrid>
```

Once you have defined the grid layout, you can use the `span` prop on the `<SGridItem>` component to define the number of columns that the item should span. The `span` prop serves as a shorthand for the `grid-column` CSS property.

```ts
interface Props {
  span?: string | number
}
```

```vue-html
<SGrid cols="4" gap="48">
  <SGridItem span="2">...</SGridItem>
  <SGridItem span="2">...</SGridItem>
</SGrid>
```

## Responsive design

> When you need to change the overall grid layout depending on the screen size, use plain CSS instead of using props. Those props are there for convenience, and you may always CSS to define complex layout structure.

Reviewer: Maybe this reads better?

```suggestion
If you need to adjust the overall grid layout based on different screen sizes or other conditions, it is recommended to use CSS instead of props. The props are provided for convenience, but for more complex layout structures, CSS should be used.
```
